Use soundfile for mp3 decoding instead of torchaudio (#5573)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/installation.md

<Tip warning={true}>

To decode mp3 files you should have the `libsndfile` system library of at least version 1.1.0. Normally, it's bundled into the python [`soundfile`](https://github.com/bastibe/python-soundfile) package which is installed as an extra audio dependency of 🤗 Datasets.

> On Linux, the required version of `libsndfile` is bundled into the `soundfile` wheel since version 0.12.0 of `soundfile`. You can check which version of `libsndfile` is used by `soundfile` running the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, the required version of `libsndfile` is bundled into the `soundfile` wheel since version 0.12.0 of `soundfile`. You can run the following command to check which version of `libsndfile` is used by `soundfile`:
```

> To decode mp3 files you should have the `libsndfile` system library of at least version 1.1.0. Normally, it's bundled into the python [`soundfile`](https://github.com/bastibe/python-soundfile) package which is installed as an extra audio dependency of 🤗 Datasets.
> On Linux, the required version of `libsndfile` is bundled into the `soundfile` wheel since version 0.12.0 of `soundfile`. You can check which version of `libsndfile` is used by `soundfile` running the following code:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To decode mp3 files, you need to have at least version 1.1.0 of the `libsndfile` system library. Usually, it's bundled with the python [`soundfile`](https://github.com/bastibe/python-soundfile) package, which is installed as an extra audio dependency for 🤗 Datasets.
For Linux, version 0.12.0 or later of the `soundfile` wheel includes the required version of `libsndfile`. You can determine which version of libsndfile is being used by soundfile by running the following code:
```
